DISTMONGO-307 Release notes 6.0.16 (#250)
percona/distmongo-docs: docs/release-notes-v6.0.16.md

# Percona Distribution for MongoDB 6.0.16 (2024-07-22)

[Installation](installation.md){.md-button}

> Percona Distribution for MongoDB is a freely available MongoDB database alternative, giving you a single solution that combines enterprise components from the open source community, designed and tested to work together. The aim of Percona Distribution for MongoDB is to enable you to run and operate your

Reviewer: Use active voice when possible :) 

```suggestion
Percona Distribution for MongoDB is a freely available MongoDB database alternative, giving you a single solution that combines enterprise components from the open-source community, designed and tested to work together. Percona Distribution for MongoDB aims to enable you to run and operate your
```
